variables:

named storage for program manipulation - all variables in C++ have a type, determining the size and layout of the memory assigned to the variable, what values can be stored inside and operations that can be applied. 

- variables == objects:
	
	C++ programmers tend to be cavalier in their use of the term object. Most generally, an object is a region of memory that can contain data and has a type.

 
	Some use the term object only to refer to variables or values of class types. Others distinguish between named and unnamed objects, using the term variable to refer to named objects. Still others distinguish between objects and values, using the term object for data that can be changed by the program and the term value for data that are read-only.

 
	In this book, we’ll follow the more general usage that an object is a region of memory that has a type. We will freely use the term object regardless of whether the object has built-in or class type, is named or unnamed, or can be read or written.


- Variable definitions

	a simple varible definition looks like:
	
	<type specfier> <variable name>;
	or
	<type specfier> <variable name>, <variable name2>; etc..
	
- Initializers:
 
	An object that is initialized gets the specified value at the moment it is created. The values used to initialize a variable can be arbitrarily complicated expressions. When a definition defines two or more variables, the name of each object becomes visible immediately. Thus, it is possible to initialize a variable to the value of one defined earlier in the same definition.

		// price is defined and initialized before it is used to initialize discount
		double price = 109.99, discount = price * 0.16;
	
		// call applyDiscount and use the return value to initialize salePrice
		double salePrice = applyDiscount(price, discount);


	Initialization is not assignment. Initialization happens when a variable is given a value when it is created. Assignment obliterates an object’s current value and replaces that value with a new one.

- List Initialization
 
	One way in which initialization is a complicated topic is that the language defines several different forms of initialization. For example, we can use any of the following four different ways to define an int variable named units_sold and initialize it to 0:

 
		int units_sold = 0;

		int units_sold = {0};

		int units_sold{0};

		int units_sold(0);

 
	The generalized use of curly braces for initialization was introduced as part of the new standard. This form of initialization previously had been allowed only in more restricted ways. For reasons we’ll learn about in § 3.3.1 (p. 98), this form of initialization is referred to as list initialization. Braced lists of initializers can now be used whenever we initialize an object and in some cases when we assign a new value to an object


- Default Initialization
 
	When we define a variable without an initializer, the variable is default initialized. Such variables are given the “default” value. What that default value is depends on the type of the variable and may also depend on where the variable is defined.

 
	The value of an object of built-in type that is not explicitly initialized depends on where it is defined. Variables defined outside any function body are initialized to zero. With one exception, which we cover in § 6.1.1 (p. 205), variables of built-in type defined inside a function are uninitialized. The value of an uninitialized variable of built-in type is undefined (§ 2.1.2, p. 36). It is an error to copy or otherwise try to access the value of a variable whose value is undefined.

 
	Each class controls how we initialize objects of that class type. In particular, it is up to the class whether we can define objects of that type without an initializer. If we can, the class determines what value the resulting object will have.

 
	Most classes let us define objects without explicit initializers. Such classes supply an appropriate default value for us. For example, as we’ve just seen, the library string class says that if we do not supply an initializer, then the resulting string is the empty string:
 
		std::string empty;  // empty implicitly initialized to the empty string

		Sales_item item;    // default-initialized Sales_item object


	Some classes require that every object be explicitly initialized. The compiler will complain if we try to create an object of such a class with no initializer.

